hey guys this is ninja coming at you
with my skull island it's pretty cool
I'm going to go ahead and show it to you
with the rendering at minimum because it
looks cool my friend told me to make a
skull so I went online I looked up how
to make a skull and found one some that
looked cool and then I kind of went
crazy with them and I ended up turning
it into a full island and private lake
and everything so anyways it's gotta
gotta have the rendering distance here
so the fog makes it look cool but it's
hidden behind a bunch of trees there's a
gate here and big line of torches and
waterfalls at the end which are
glitching out for some reason come
through here and that is actually my
house there's another skull right here
it's got portals to the nether as its
eyes as you come through you see another
skull over there I'm going to put in a
few more skulls having decided where yet
here's a stake for burning people
thought that was kind of twisted and
cool and there's another skull that's a
big skull it's actually really huge an
escape route through his nose by
actually show you that this is actually
my house it's four skulls all put
together to make a house you come down
through underneath the lake come up and
it's my house so yes i love the patch to
bed that way you don't have to wait for
night time to pass you just fall asleep
and it's over in about a second so yeah
here's my skull island i love it it's
been work in progress for a day but you
see that skulls got his hands sticking
out of the wall holding up the waterfall
yeah it's pretty fun anyways let me turn
my rendering distance back and and you
can actually see everything and I'll
show you the little hidden passages to
everywhere so first one I'm going to
show you just kind of cool little
shelter here since you can walk through
portals to the nether you just jump up
here and just walk through his eye and
there you go it's obnoxious low over
here because of the damn portals to
another but anyways there's one stupid
chicken and so underneath this guy is
mine shaft if you go in here you just
look down and that actually goes all the
way down to bedrock so I found my
diamond and then we come over here and
you can't really get to it without going
all the way around but you can get up
into that guy's nose and it just goes
out the back I did line the whole place
with trees I think it adds a nice little
depth to it and then the last place I'm
going to show you is actually underneath
my house it's a nice little room I
haven't really figured out what it's for
yet but I got creative and I don't know
and you can be the judge here's the room
it's pretty fun I don't know I get bored
sometimes just get on here and make
stuff so yeah I do have a texture pack
on that's why everything looks a little
different but this was definitely fun to
make and I hope you guys liked it give
me suggestions and stuff like that on
what what you think would look cool on
here I know if I get another texture
pack that
has skulls and skeletons laying around
and stuff that'd be kind of cool but
anything like that just let me know and
I'll try to try to do it because I'm
always looking for input to my friends
were over this weekend and they're like
telling me what I should do with it and
so that's how I came out with this this
end result and it's it's pretty cool so
yes I have a tree in the middle of my
skull I thought that was kind of cool in
the middle of my house so yeah I hope
you guys enjoy please comment rate and
subscribe thanks